General search idea
Before I formed a solid idea for this project I started by trying to. understand the hash function SHA256. SHA256 is a function which allows you to convert any String inputed to a combination of 64 letters and numbers. The goal of this project is finding to sentence that when converted using the SHA256 function had the most similar amount of Strings at the same position. SHA256 makes searching for similar strings extremely difficult dues to the exponential difficulty with each similar hash you get, meaning the chances of you getting a higher match is solely determined by the size of your dataset for this project.
The main problem for me was making sure the sentence was grammatically correct and also less than ten words. I didn’t really know how I was going to form grammatically correct sentences with the dictionary file provided I tried making it work by importing a list of nouns, verbs and pronouns to string  and loading them in as arrays to String together sentences and then run through every possible combination however continuously generating grammatically correct sentences was an issue on top of meeting the other requirements most of the sentences didn't make sense at all. after a considerable amount of time of brainstorming I concluded that pulling the sentences from existing files would this make it a much less daunting task because the sentences being pulled from the file would already formed and be grammatically correct. The main issue would be to locate the sentences less than or equal to 10 that Start with capital letter and end with a full-stop / exclamation mark. There wasn't many downsides to using this method other than the data set being used would be substantially smaller than the dataset when generating sentences however this could be overcome by enlarging the file by adding more data. Once I knew how I was going to pull the dataset, I had the solid idea of how I was going to do this project. 
My main idea consisted of 4 parts. making a method that counts the amount of identical Strings at the same position , a method to count whitespace, a way to split sentences accordingly to match the criteria set from the imported files that held existing sentences and a way to linearly compare each sentence against the whole file .


Code Structure
my program consisted many methods I used the dictionary file My lecturer allowed us to use and modified the String split method to my liking
This regex allows me to split sentence from books. I imported at full stops, exclamation marks and Question marks and also includes them all, this would ensure that they were grammatically correct sentences, however it includes a space in the beginning of all sentences. I fixed this by simply erasing the whitespace in the beginning. 
I then filtered the raw sentence imported from the file using regex to filtered anything with word followed by whitespace and 1-9 of them with an additional word. This allowed me to include sentences less than or equal to 10 words which are of course grammatically correct sentences.
I used the get word method from the dictionary class to import the split sentences and tried filter them into a new array however whenever I ran it in my for loop, it kept giving me an index out of bounds error meaning it was looping more or less than the array size. I fixed this issue by making a loop to count the amount of filtered sentences and then setting that size to the new array. This would fix index out of bounds problem problem I was facing.

I converted all the sentences to hash using the SHA256 method in a for loop. I found it to be substantially faster if you run it after its been converted, I made the mistake of converting it in the for loop where I was comparing sentences and it ran extremely slow.

I then made another method to compare the SHA256 output of hashes against each other and count the amount of identical Strings. I did this by using a for loop that goes through all 64 Strings I then made an if statement to check if any of the Strings were equal and also used charAt method which also lets me know the position of the String is also the same. If the String is identical and also in the same position I add one to the value and then return that value after it scanned the whole hash.
I used a nested for loop to linearly compare both sentences against each other. This allowed me to compare one sentences against the whole file of sentences. I called the compare method and inputed the hash list for I and j and initialised that as a variable called sim. I then made an if statement to compare the latest highest value from my compare method so the code would only print the highest value. I did this by letting another initialising another integer and letting it equal to sim and my if statement would output anything Higher or equal to it and also made sure to print anything less than 64 to not print the same sentences twice. My code had an issue with printing sentences without capital letters sometimes or sentences with quotes at the start I fixed this by making sure my code ignores everything that doesn't start with a capital letter.
